>> Brian Holt: I think I
already have Jest installed.
I'm gonna use 15.1.1, but
I think as long as you're like in the 15,
16 area, all this should work as expected.
>> Brian Holt: Certainly
not lower than 15, okay?
And I'm just gonna say jest
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
that's what I gotta do.
So you're gonna fail your test and why?
Well, you're gonna fail
on the modules keyword,
because we specifically told
Babel to not compile modules.
But the problem is Node doesn't
understand ES6 modules.
So now we're kind of in this no mans
land of we wanna use ES6 modules, but
we can't with Node, but
Jest is a Node process.
So how do we fix that?
Well, we can tell Babel that,
when in a testing scenario,
please compile my modules.
So, I want you to go to your Babel.rc,
okay?
Underneath your presets what you're
gonna do is wanna give it an env,
which is an object.
And we're gonna say when in test we want
you to include this additional plugin.
That's going to be "plugins":
["transform"] es2015-modules-commonjs.
>> Brian Holt: That make sense?
So it's gonna apply this additional
transformation when in the test
environment and not anywhere else.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
So now, what we're gonna do is we're
gonna come back to our command line.
I'm gonna say NODE_ENV,
this is for bash, by the way.
If you're on like FISH or
ZSH, you are on your own.
Well, I could probably tell you FISH,
I can't tell you how to do it with ZSH.
But you're gonna say NODE_ENV=test.
Whatever the case right now in time we
need your environmental variable of
NODE_ENV to be equal to test.
And we're gonna set a jest.
>> Brian Holt: Did I not save that?
>> Brian Holt: I ran into this last time.
So one of the nice features,
typically, of Jest
is that it will cache your Babel output so
it doesn't have to re-compile every time,
until you change the Babel environment and
then it doesn't know what to do.
So I think after I say jest,
is it noCache?
>> Speaker 2: noCache,
you already ran past.
>> Brian Holt: Did I?
Okay.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, it's under --cache.
>> Brian Holt: Jest, so same thing,
we just need to run it once with -noCache.
>> Speaker 2: No,
it's --no-cache, lowercase.
>> Brian Holt: So, there we go.
Once you've cleared out the cache, then
you don't have to worry about it anymore.
But if you do modify your Babel
environment, Jest could be problematic.
>> Brian Holt: So it's gonna tell you,
hey, I wrote one new snapshot, and
all your tests passed, because it's
always gonna pass the first time, right?
>> Speaker 2: Gus is
asking to see the spec
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
>> Brian Holt: One thing you
might notice now, though,
is you have this __snapshots__file.
And this is actually
the output of your snapshot.
>> Brian Holt: So you can look in it,
this is what the markup
kind of looks like for it.
So it's rendering everything out for you.
>> Speaker 3: Do you store
these in version control?
>> Brian Holt: Sorry?
>> Speaker 3: Do you keep
these in version control?
>> Brian Holt: Yes,
you should keep these in your repository.
Because you want all of your teammates
to following the same snapshots too.
>> Speaker 4: You're
kind of multiple states.
>> Brian Holt: What's that?
>> Speaker 4: It's not
possible to have multiple
states that are correct.
>> Brian Holt: You can't, so
you would write multiple snapshots for
each of those states.
If that was something you
were interested in tracking.
>> Brian Holt: But it should be
deterministic that every time you run it
should have one stage, right?
At least for
each test it should have one stage.
>> Speaker 4: Or given input.
>> Brian Holt: Unless it's showing
the date or something, but
even then you'd want some environment for
it to be like one specific state.
Or one specific date for that test, right?
So it should be deterministic,
your test should be deterministic.
>> Speaker 3: You mentioned
that JSON encapsulates Jasmine.
I was just wondering, does that mean you
could basically just replace Jasmine
with Jest,
if you had a bunch of Jasmine tests?
>> Brian Holt: I don't know
if I'm ready to assert that,
but I'm gonna assert that
it's pretty damn close.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: I don't know if it's
drop-in, that's what I'm trying to say,
but it's probably pretty close.
>> Speaker 4: So the only reason
this works is because we've got
a static data file that's
the same every time?
>> Brian Holt: Yep, so going back to this,
now I can run it as many times as I want.
I don't have to put
the --no-cache in anymore.
So NODE_ENV = jest, or test jest.
>> Speaker 3: Can we do a push?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, momentarily.
So it compared it again, right?
And the snapshot matched, so
it just keeps doing that, right?
And it'll pass,
cuz we haven't changed it all.
So, let's actually go modify search.js so
it does fail.
So I'm gonna change svideo
to be something else.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
I've changed it to say something else now.
And if I run NODE_ENV=test jest.
>> Brian Holt: Now I get a failure that
says, hey, something changed since
the last time I ran this snapshot,
gives you the whole output.
>> Brian Holt: But
it's gonna tell you right here, hey,
this is what my snapshot has, svideo.
Now it has something else, I can't pass
this, I don't know what to do with this.
>> Brian Holt: So, what you do with
this at this point you say, okay, well,
this is actually what I expect,
I want it to say something else now.
So I say, -u as saying, okay,
run this again, but update my snapshot.
>> Brian Holt: And so you said,
okay, it updated one snapshot,
because you told me to.
And that's how you do it.
>> Brian Holt: But let's go back and
change it back svideo.
So if you run it without u,
it's gonna fail again
>> Brian Holt: But now we want to update,
so we'll give it back and
now we're in good shape again.
>> Brian Holt: I think snapshot testing
is phenomenal, because it's free testing,
right?
They're not exactly the most robust,
best tests, but the fact that they are so
cheap to write.
Like, the test itself is what, four lines?
>> Brian Holt: Three lines, three lines
of actual code to get that test, right?
Writing a test in three lines
that tests all of the markup?
Pretty compelling to me.
And it's up to you to decide
if you think it's compelling.
>> Brian Holt: But, like I said,
it doesn't really tell you too much, but
it's just a good litmus test.
And it's so cheap,
it's almost free to write.
>> Speaker 2: Question, is there
a way to shorten that diff output so
you get just a contextual diff?
>> Brian Holt: Probably,
I wonder, jest --help.
>> Brian Holt: It's got all sorts of
really interesting things in here.
>> Brian Holt: --json,
>> Brian Holt: --debug, --coverage.
>> Speaker 2: --onlyChanged?
>> Brian Holt: --onlyChanged?
>> Speaker 2: No.
>> Brian Holt: No,
I mean the answer's probably,
it has all sorts of really
interesting features.
Another one that's really
interesting to me is --watch.
So it's gonna be watch on the side, right?
And every time that I change
something in my codes,
let's say if I come back here to ShowCard.
And say, yeah, this is now gonna say we're
gonna have an h1 here that
says h1 something, and I save.
It's going to rerun the test suite and
them I'm gonna get the answer, right?
>> Brian Holt: But
it's just gonna keep re-running.
And only, for the most part,
I think it can run just the test that are
affected, which is interesting as well.
>> Brian Holt: You can press a at any
time, it'll re-run all the tests.
You can say run only ones that
have changed since last time.
You can update if you press u,
you can press q to exit.
So --watch is another
interesting tool as well.